icons/duotone/Communication/Clipboard-list.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen005.svg
icons/duotone/Shopping/Cart3.svg - icons/duotune/ecommerce/ecm002.svg
icons/duotone/Home/Picture.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen006.svg
icons/duotone/Navigation/Up-2.svg - icons/duotune/arrows/arr066.svg
icons/duotone/Communication/Group-chat.svg - icons/duotune/communication/com012.svg
icons/duotone/Code/Compiling.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen022.svg
icons/duotone/Shopping/Cart4.svg - icons/duotune/ecommerce/ecm002.svg
icons/duotone/Interface/Calendar.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen014.svg
icons/duotone/Interface/Settings-02.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen019.svg
icons/duotone/Files/File.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen005.svg
icons/duotone/Home/Library.svg - icons/duotune/abstract/abs027.svg
icons/duotone/Layout/Layout-arrange.svg - icons/duotune/layouts/lay009.svg
icons/duotone/Interface/Lock.svg - icons/duotune/technology/teh004.svg
icons/duotone/Design/Substract.svg - icons/duotune/art/art009.svg
icons/duotone/Shopping/Cart5.svg - icons/duotune/ecommerce/ecm007.svg
icons/duotone/General/Clipboard.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen005.svg
icons/duotone/Communication/Mail-opened.svg - icons/duotune/communication/com010.svg
icons/duotone/Files/File-plus.svg - icons/duotune/files/fil005.svg
icons/duotone/Home/Globe.svg - icons/duotune/maps/map004.svg
icons/duotone/Devices/Watch2.svg - icons/duotune/electronics/elc005.svg
icons/duotone/Communication/Chat2.svg - icons/duotune/communication/com003.svg
icons/duotone/Communication/Thumbtack.svg - icons/duotune/communication/com009.svg
icons/duotone/General/Attachment2.svg - icons/duotune/coding/cod008.svg
icons/duotone/Communication/Urgent-mail.svg - icons/duotune/communication/com010.svg
icons/duotone/Communication/Write.svg - icons/duotune/art/art005.svg
icons/duotone/Map/Marker1.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen018.svg
icons/duotone/Communication/Mail-at.svg - icons/duotune/communication/com011.svg
icons/duotone/General/Clip.svg - icons/duotune/communication/com008.svg
icons/duotone/Navigation/Double-check.svg - icons/duotune/arrows/arr012.svg
icons/duotone/Layout/Layout-grid.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen025.svg
icons/duotone/Shopping/Credit-card.svg - icons/duotune/finance/fin002.svg
icons/duotone/Design/Select.svg - icons/duotune/art/art006.svg
icons/duotone/Layout/Layout-horizontal.svg - icons/duotune/abstract/abs015.svg
icons/duotone/General/Bank.svg - icons/duotune/finance/fin001.svg
icons/duotone/Interface/Bank.svg - icons/duotune/finance/fin001.svg
icons/duotone/Interface/Edit.svg - icons/duotune/art/art005.svg
icons/duotone/General/Edit.svg - icons/duotune/art/art005.svg
icons/duotone/Interface/Grid.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen025.svg
icons/duotone/Interface/Cog.svg - icons/duotune/coding/cod001.svg
icons/duotone/Interface/Comment.svg - icons/duotune/communication/com003.svg
icons/duotone/Files/Uploaded-file.svg - icons/duotune/files/fil010.svg
icons/duotone/Devices/Watch1.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen013.svg
icons/duotone/Contacts/Calendar.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen014.svg
icons/duotone/Interface/Edit.svg - icons/duotune/art/art005.svg
icons/duotone/Interface/Insert.svg - media/icons/duotune/art/art008.svg
icons/duotone/Interface/File-Plus.svg - icons/duotune/files/fil005.svg
icons/duotone/Files/Download.svg - icons/duotune/files/fil021.svg
icons/duotone/General/Settings-1.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen019.svg
icons/duotone/Design/Circle.svg - icons/duotune/abstract/abs050.svg
icons/duotone/Interface/Map-Marker.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen018.svg
icons/duotone/Shopping/Euro.svg - icons/duotune/finance/fin009.svg
icons/duotone/Text/Menu.svg - icons/duotune/abstract/abs015.svg
icons/duotone/Communication/Dial-numbers.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen008.svg
icons/duotone/Devices/LTE2.svg - icons/duotune/electronics/elc007.svg
icons/duotone/Design/Verified.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen026.svg
icons/duotone/Layout/Layout-polygon.svg - icons/duotune/abstract/abs051.svg
icons/duotone/Layout/Layout-octagon.svg - icons/duotune/abstract/abs052.svg
icons/duotone/Design/Layers.svg - icons/duotune/abstract/abs027.svg
icons/duotone/Tools/Compass.svg - icons/duotune/art/art006.svg
icons/duotone/Code/Settings4.svg - icons/duotune/coding/cod001.svg
icons/duotone/General/Settings-2.svg - icons/duotune/coding/cod001.svg
icons/duotone/Interface/Options-Square.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen023.svg
icons/duotone/Shopping/Wallet.svg - icons/duotune/finance/fin008.svg
icons/duotone/Interface/Monitor.svg - icons/duotune/electronics/elc004.svg
icons/duotone/Interface/Scatter-Up.svg - icons/duotune/graphs/gra001.svg
icons/duotone/Interface/Doughnut.svg - icons/duotune/graphs/gra006.svg
icons/duotone/Interface/Stacked-Area-Down.svg - icons/duotune/graphs/gra003.svg
icons/duotone/Interface/Envelope.svg - icons/duotune/communication/com010.svg
icons/duotone/Interface/Line-03-Up.svg - icons/duotune/graphs/gra002.svg
icons/duotone/Navigation/Arrow-to-left.svg - icons/duotune/arrows/arr060.svg
icons/duotone/Devices/Bluetooth.svg - icons/duotune/electronics/elc006.svg
icons/duotone/Layout/Layout-4-blocks.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen025.svg
icons/duotone/Design/Color-profile.svg - icons/duotune/art/art007.svg
icons/duotone/Design/PenAndRuller.svg - icons/duotune/art/art002.svg
icons/duotone/Interface/Image.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen006.svg
icons/duotone/Shopping/Chart-bar3.svg - icons/duotune/graphs/gra004.svg
icons/duotone/Interface/Close-Square.svg - icons/duotune/arrows/arr061.svg
icons/duotone/Navigation/Up-right.svg - icons/duotune/arrows/arr007.svg
icons/duotone/Navigation/Down-left.svg - icons/duotune/arrows/arr006.svg
icons/duotone/Communication/Add-user.svg - icons/duotune/arrows/arr075.svg
icons/duotone/General/Shield-check.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen048.svg
icons/duotone/General/Trash.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen027.svg
icons/duotone/General/Copy.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen028.svg
icons/duotone/General/Star.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen029.svg
icons/duotone/General/Heart.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen030.svg
icons/duotone/Text/Filter.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen031.svg
icons/duotone/Media/Equalizer.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen032.svg
icons/duotone/Code/Warning-1-circle.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen044.svg
icons/duotone/Code/Error-circle.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen040.svg
icons/duotone/Code/Done-circle.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen043.svg
icons/duotone/Code/Lock-circle.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen047.svg
icons/duotone/Code/Question-circle.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen046.svg
icons/duotone/Navigation/Right-2.svg - icons/duotune/arrows/arr064.svg
icons/duotone/Navigation/Left-2.svg - icons/duotune/arrows/arr063.svg
icons/duotone/Navigation/Arrow-up.svg - icons/duotune/arrows/arr066.svg
icons/duotone/Navigation/Arrow-down.svg - icons/duotune/arrows/arr065.svg
icons/duotone/Navigation/Arrow-to-right.svg - icons/duotune/arrows/arr069.svg
icons/duotone/Navigation/Angle-up.svg - icons/duotune/arrows/arr073.svg
icons/duotone/Navigation/Angle-down.svg - icons/duotune/arrows/arr072.svg
icons/duotone/Navigation/Plus.svg - icons/duotune/arrows/arr075.svg
icons/duotone/Interface/Minus-Square.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen036.svg
icons/duotone/Interface/Plus-Square.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen035.svg
icons/duotone/Files/Export.svg - icons/duotune/arrows/arr078.svg
icons/duotone/Interface/File-Search.svg - icons/duotune/files/fil024.svg
icons/duotone/General/User.svg - icons/duotune/communication/com006.svg
icons/duotone/Communication/Group.svg - icons/duotune/finance/fin006.svg
icons/duotone/Code/Warning-2.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen044.svg
icons/duotone/Navigation/Sign-out.svg - icons/duotune/arrows/arr077.svg
icons/duotone/Navigation/Sign-in.svg - icons/duotune/arrows/arr076.svg
icons/duotone/General/Other2.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen052.svg
icons/duotone/General/Other1.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen053.svg
icons/duotone/Files/Media.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen002.svg
icons/duotone/Communication/Mail-error.svg - icons/duotune/communication/com010.svg
icons/duotone/General/Notification2.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen007.svg
icons/duotone/General/Search.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen021.svg
icons/duotone/Navigation/Close.svg - icons/duotune/arrows/arr061.svg
icons/duotone/Navigation/Arrow-right.svg - icons/duotune/arrows/arr064.svg
icons/duotone//Navigation/Right-2.svg - icons/duotune/arrows/arr064.svg
icons/duotone/Interface/Options-Square.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen023.svg
icons/duotone/Navigation/Angle-right.svg - icons/duotune/arrows/arr071.svg
icons/duotone/Design/Image.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen006.svg
icons/duotone/Code/Info-circle.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen044.svg
icons/duotone/Clothes/Crown.svg - icons/duotune/technology/teh008.svg
icons/duotone/General/Thunder.svg - icons/duotune/files/fil023.svg
icons/duotone/Design/Component.svg - icons/duotune/art/art002.svg
icons/duotone/Layout/Layout-4-blocks-2.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen024.svg
icons/duotone/Interface/Arrow-Right-Square.svg - icons/duotune/arrows/arr059.svg
icons/duotone/Interface/User.svg - icons/duotune/communication/com005.svg
icons/duotone/Interface/Line-03-Down.svg - icons/duotune/graphs/gra008.svg
icons/duotone/Navigation/Check.svg - icons/duotune/arrows/arr012.svg
icons/duotone/Interface/Pie-04.svg - icons/duotune/graphs/gra008.svg
icons/duotone/Navigation/Angle-left.svg - icons/duotune/arrows/arr074.svg
icons/duotone/Navigation/Angle-right.svg - icons/duotune/arrows/arr071.svg
icons/duotone/Interface/Sign-Out.svg - icons/duotune/arrows/arr077.svg
icons/duotone/Text/Toggle-Right.svg - icons/duotune/text/txt001.svg
icons/duotone/Code/Git4.svg - icons/duotune/coding/cod004.svg
icons/duotone/Communication/Mail-attachment.svg - icons/duotune/communication/com010.svg
icons/duotone/Interface/Stacked-Area-Down.svg - icons/duotune/graphs/gra002.svg
icons/duotone/Communication/Flag.svg - icons/duotune/maps/map001.svg
icons/duotone/Shopping/Box2.svg - icons/duotune/abstract/abs042.svg
icons/duotone/Home/Cupboard.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen009.svg
icons/duotone/Interface/Briefcase.svg - icons/duotune/finance/fin006.svg
icons/duotone/Home/Home2.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen001.svg
icons/duotone/Shopping/Chart.svg - icons/duotune/graphs/gra006.svg
icons/duotone/Shopping/Cart6.svg - icons/duotune/ecommerce/ecm001.svg
icons/duotone/Communication/More.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen038.svg
icons/duotone/Shopping/Settings.svg - icons/duotune/coding/cod001.svg
icons/duotone/Files/Selected-file.svg - icons/duotune/files/fil008.svg
icons/duotone/Media/Playlist1.svg - icons/duotune/coding/cod002.svg
icons/duotone/Shopping/Barcode-read.svg - icons/duotune/ecommerce/ecm010.svg
icons/duotone/Code/Minus.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen042.svg
icons/duotone/Code/Plus.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen041.svg
icons/duotone/Home/Building.svg - icons/duotune/ecommerce/ecm008.svg
icons/duotone/Shopping/Chart-bar1.svg - icons/duotune/graphs/gra005.svg
icons/duotone/Shopping/Chart-pie.svg - icons/duotune/graphs/gra007.svg
icons/duotone/Files/File-done.svg - icons/duotune/files/fil008.svg
icons/duotone/Files/File-Plus.svg - icons/duotune/files/fil005.svg
icons/duotone/Map/Direction2.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen016.svg
icons/duotone/Communication/Shield-user.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen049.svg
icons/duotone/Design/Difference.svg - icons/duotune/art/art002.svg
icons/duotone/Layout/Layout-top-panel-6.svg - icons/duotune/layouts/lay010.svg
icons/duotone/Design/Sketch.svg - icons/duotune/communication/com001.svg
icons/duotone/Communication/Shield-user.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen049.svg
icons/duotone/Communication/Clipboard-check.svg - icons/duotune/files/fil008.svg
icons/duotone/General/Like.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen030.svg
icons/duotone/General/Save.svg - icons/duotune/files/fil016.svg
icons/duotone/Communication/Share.svg - icons/duotune/arrows/arr031.svg
icons/duotone/Navigation/Down-2.svg - icons/duotune/arrows/arr065.svg
icons/duotone/General/Update.svg - icons/duotune/arrows/arr029.svg
icons/duotone/Files/Compiled-file.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen005.svg
icons/duotone/Files/File-cloud.svg - icons/duotune/files/fil023.svg
icons/duotone/Text/Dots.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen024.svg
icons/duotone/Devices/Mic.svg - icons/duotune/communication/com004.svg
icons/duotone/Communication/Mail-heart.svg - icons/duotune/communication/com010.svg
icons/duotone/Design/Flatten.svg - icons/duotune/abstract/abs021.svg
icons/duotone/Design/Saturation.svg - icons/duotune/abstract/abs038.svg
icons/duotone/Communication/Adress-book2.svg - icons/duotune/communication/com005.svg
icons/duotone/Communication/Send.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen016.svg
icons/duotone/Files/Cloud-upload.svg - icons/duotune/files/fil022.svg
icons/duotone/Text/Article.svg - icons/duotune/files/fil004.svg
icons/duotone/Communication/Chat6.svg - icons/duotune/communication/com003.svg
icons/duotone/Communication/Incoming-box.svg - icons/duotune/files/fil017.svg
icons/duotone/Interface/File-Upload.svg - icons/duotune/files/fil010.svg
icons/duotone/Devices/Phone.svg - icons/duotune/electronics/elc002.svg
icons/duotone/Interface/File.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen005.svg
icons/duotone/Interface/Grid-Horizontal.svg - icons/duotune/general/gen010.svg
icons/duotone/Navigation/Angle-double-top.svg - icons/duotune/arrows/arr081.svg
icons/duotone/Navigation/Angle-double-down.svg - icons/duotune/arrows/arr082.svg
icons/duotone/Navigation/Angle-double-right.svg - icons/duotune/arrows/arr071.svg
icons/duotone/Navigation/Angle-double-left.svg - icons/duotune/arrows/arr080.svg
